Clarify Docker is optional in deploy quickstart prerequisites (#4784)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/deployment-quickstart.mdx

Before you begin, ensure you have:

- A [LangSmith account](https://smith.langchain.com) on the [Plus plan or above](https://www.langchain.com/pricing) and an [API key](/langsmith/create-account-api-key).

> - (Optional) [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) installed and running — required only for local builds. If Docker is not available, `langgraph deploy` triggers a remote build automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) **Docker** installed and the Docker daemon running for local builds. Not required for remote builds. [Install Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). If Docker is not available, `langgraph deploy` triggers a remote build automatically.
```
